Okay, let's get back to work.
I'm sorry, but you agreed to touch me with your eyes when I passed the door.
say what. What the hell is going on?
Unclear mind. Don't worry,
How could I admit that he was angry? Didn't I bring him to the house to fight?
But you let me go in the end? In addition to not wanting to look bad when being dealt with,
I still want to give him a chance. I am also doing this to prevent a lot of trouble.
If everyone knew our two identities,
How can I work harder in the future? But now,
When he returns to the company in the future, he will lose his temper again.
Today he is seen as a loser in everyone's eyes, brother-in-law
He didn't arrive half the time
You are Mrs. Treasurer
I don't think this is appropriate
Let me talk to Si Lin